SimpleDataTable/README.md, before:

# This is demo example of Simple app using lightning:datatable component.
SimpleDataTable Aura component displayed two instances of lightning:datatable component.
The first one contains dummy data hardcoded in Javascript controller while the second one contains dummy data loaded into Contact table.

DataTable Aura component also displayed two instances of lightning:datatable component.
The only different between two components is the order and that the DataTable component displays link to contact record on the FirstName column.

## Setup a scratch org.
To setup a scratch org, execute `default.bat` to setup default scratch org with alias DESU.
To setup a scratch org with non default alias, execute command `setupScratchOrg.bat DESU` and replace DESU with desired alias.

## Delete a scratch org.
To delete a scratch org, execute `finish.bat` to delete default scratch org with alias DESU.
To delete a scratch org with non default alias, execute command `kickScratchOrg.bat DESU` and replace DESU with desired alias.

## Setup a non scratch org.
To setup a non scratch org, execute `setupNonScratchOrg.bat DEV` and replace DEV with alias of the desired org.

## Resources
This demo app is prepared based on my article I published at June 14, 2018 on my employer blog https://corevalue.net/using-lightning-promises/
The app uses my apex data generation library to autogenerate dummy contact data https://patlatus.wordpress.com/2018/05/02/apex-data-generation-library/

## Description of Files and Directories
Folder `aura` contains Aura Lightning Components and stand-alone apps.
Folder `classes` contains Apex Classes (controllers for Lightning components) and setup classes.
Folder `object` contains custom fields on Contact and custom Contact record type.
Folder `staticresources` contains static resources used to autogenerate dummy contact data.

## Issues
This is a demo app and no issue trackers are relevant so no issues are tracked or supported at the current moment.

Commit message:

Simple Data Table App: Updated README.md file. Changed default scratch org alias name from DESU to DESO. Added default scratch org definition. Updated root readme file. Created command to set default DevHub. Inherited license from data setup library included.

SimpleDataTable/README.md, after:

# This is demo example of Simple app using lightning:datatable component.
SimpleDataTable Aura component displayed two instances of lightning:datatable component.
The first one contains dummy data hardcoded in Javascript controller while the second one contains dummy data loaded into Contact table.

DataTable Aura component also displayed two instances of lightning:datatable component.
The only different between two components is the order and that the DataTable component displays link to contact record on the FirstName column.

## Setup a scratch org.
To setup a scratch org, execute `default.bat` to setup default scratch org with alias DESO.
To setup a scratch org with non default alias, execute command `setupScratchOrg.bat DESO` and replace DESO with desired alias.
These batch files create a scratch org with specified alias or with the default alias, push source metadata and run an Apex script to setup the Contact Employee data.
The last command in the batch file will open the Simple Data Table application.

## Delete a scratch org.
To delete a scratch org, execute `finish.bat` to delete default scratch org with alias DESO.
To delete a scratch org with non default alias, execute command `kickScratchOrg.bat DESO` and replace DESO with desired alias.

## Setup a non scratch org.
To setup a non scratch org, execute `setupNonScratchOrg.bat DEV` and replace DEV with alias of the desired org.
This batch file pushes source metadata and runs an Apex script to setup the Contact Employee data.
The last command in the batch file will open the Simple Data Table application.

## Open Data Table advanced app
To open the advanced Data Table app, execute command `openAnotherApp.bat -u DESO` where you can replace DESO with the alias of your organization which you have setup earlier (either a fresh new scratch org or an existing non-scratch org).

## Setup Default DevHub org
To set default DevHub org (required for creation of scratch orgs), execute command `devHubSet.bat DevHub` and replace DevHub with the name of your DevHub org where you have setup DevHub features.
There are several documentation articles which provide extended information about DevHub setup. Refer to them if help is needed
https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_setup.meta/sfdx_setup/sfdx_setup_enable_devhub.htm
https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=sfdx_setup_enable_devhub.htm&type=0

## Resources
This demo app is prepared based on my article I published at June 14, 2018 on my employer blog https://corevalue.net/using-lightning-promises/
The app uses my apex data generation library to autogenerate dummy contact data https://patlatus.wordpress.com/2018/05/02/apex-data-generation-library/

## Description of Files and Directories
Folder `aura` in force-app/main/default contains Aura Lightning Components and stand-alone apps.
Folder `classes` in force-app/main/default contains Apex Classes (controllers for Lightning components) and setup classes.
Folder `objects` in force-app/main/default contains custom fields on Contact and custom Contact record type.
Folder `staticresources` in force-app/main/default contains static resources used to autogenerate dummy contact data.

Root config folder contains default scratch org configuration used in command to create a scratch org.
Root apex folder contains one-time script executed to setup Contact Employee data as part of setup process.

## Issues
This is a demo app and no issue trackers are relevant so no issues are tracked or supported at the current moment.
